{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh10380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Clock Recipe\
\
Ingredients:\
\
1. I\'92ll create a variable called clock, which will be a tuple with keys hour, minute, and second.  Something like var clock = (hour: 3, minute: 34, second: 45) \
2.  I\'92ll create a Constant tuple to hold the max for the hour, minute, and seconds. Something like let Max = (hour: , minute, second)\
3.  I\'92ll use apple\'92s timer class.  It will trigger every second so I can update all the variables and print the time to the console.\
4.  Because I\'92m using the timer class I won\'92t need any loops.\
5. The operators will be += to increment the seconds, minutes, and hour.   And % to check for remainders.\
\
Directions: The plan\
\
1.  Each time the timer is triggered I will check some conditions on the current values of the hour, minute, and second variables.  This will all be done in the closure of the timer.\
2.  If the seconds == 60, increment minute by 1.  Set second back to 0.\
3.  If minute == 60, increment hour by 1.  Set minute back to 0.\
4.  If hour == 13 set it back to 1.\
5.  I\'92ll use a switch statement to check the values for minute and second.  If minute or second is less than 10 I want to add a 0 when printing to the console.  For example, 3:5 2 should print as 3:05 02. \
\
\
\
 }